Mentions about custom scheme handler (#629)
WICG/webpackage: explainers/subresource-loading.md

`urn:uuid:f81d4fae-7dec-11d0-a765-00a0c91e6bf6` is also loaded from
the bundle, and a subframe is instantiated as an
[opaque origin](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/origin.html#concept-origin-opaque) frame.

> Even if a custom scheme handler for `urn` schme was registered by

Reviewer: How about not mentioning "urn" scheme here? I think it is redundant.
Can we simply say, for example, "The browser must ignore any custom registered protocol handler in loading a resource from a bundle"?

Reviewer: I'm not sure whether it is a good idea or not to ignore a custom registered protocol handler in loading a subresource from a bundle. That needs a discussion, however, it seems much *safer* to ignore any custom registered protocol handler until we have a consensus.

Author: Done

[registerProtocolHandler(scheme, url)](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/system-state.html#dom-navigator-registerprotocolhandler)

> method, the browser should ignore the registered handler and load the resource

Reviewer: Nit; Could we replace "should" with "must"?
(This is an explainer, so this is not an issue, however, "must" may be better for this case, IMO)

Author: Done

`urn:uuid:f81d4fae-7dec-11d0-a765-00a0c91e6bf6` is also loaded from
the bundle, and a subframe is instantiated as an
[opaque origin](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/origin.html#concept-origin-opaque) frame.

> The browser must ignore any [registered custom protocol handler](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/system-state.html#dom-navigator-registerprotocolhandler) in loading a resource
> from a bundle.

Reviewer 2: This is much more comfortable; thanks @hayatoito. Custom protocol handlers are always used from https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/browsing-the-web.html#process-a-navigate-url-scheme, which looks like it's only called after filtering out "fetch schemes" (like `https:`). Since a URL in a bundle is fetchable, it makes sense to avoid checking custom protocol handlers. So ...

```suggestion
If a URL is available from an attached bundle, the browser must retrieve it from the bundle, instead of using any [registered custom protocol handler](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/system-state.html#dom-navigator-registerprotocolhandler) for its scheme.
```

Author: Done

`urn:uuid:f81d4fae-7dec-11d0-a765-00a0c91e6bf6` is also loaded from
the bundle, and a subframe is instantiated as an
[opaque origin](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/origin.html#concept-origin-opaque) frame.
If a URL is available from an attached bundle, the browser must retrieve it from

> the bundle, instead of using any [registered custom protocolhandler](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/system-state.html#dom-navigator-registerprotocolhandler)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the bundle, instead of using any [registered custom protocol handler](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/system-state.html#dom-navigator-registerprotocolhandler)
```

Author: Done.
Thank you.
